look we've been talking about Jack White
Lazaretto album all this week's feature
out in this way couple of weeks ago we
heard about some of the special features
that the deluxe ultra LP version of
Lazaretto
was going to have on it Brian Eno did
the locked groove back in about 1976 77
really really smart on think he's taking
Tiger Mountain record but it might have
been one of his other solid records but
it is incredible because it's a loop
that goes through this song in perfect
time mm-hm and then the song finishes
and it's like a like a tonal loop and
that the tonal loop just keeps on going
yeah I'm gonna whine this one up and
then others play forever but what is so
weird about this is that it's playing
from the inside out so that the the
needle is at the spot where you should
normally be locked the spine rubber not
underneath the label you can see some
very faint grooves which are supposed to
be a song that the other hidden track
but I said to him what are you supposed
to soak the label of and then play it
that's about what mine normally sounds
like to
that's a slightly more esoteric area
that he's been working in recently sure
we have a listen Jamie to the to the two
different intros at the start of side
two
so I'm gonna put down the exactly the
same spot I don't quite work out how to
do it's random it's completely random
there we go alright there's one more
thing which is not gonna sound great on
radio no but I want to see if we can see
the angel hologram we've got the
beautiful old record player and and the
and the vinyl record obviously I've
never I don't know how they did it
because when you look down when you look
down on the record itself it just looks
like totally random lines and it's only
when you shine a sourcing light on it
that the angel suddenly appears Robby
buck thank you so much man for coming in
our doctor it's just been a tremendous
pleasure I hope you won't miss your
vinyl